so today choose a banner from a worker
desk first task go to safe
command line mode
windows 7 and windows xp to
this must be done immediately after switching on
the computer did not press the button on the f8
it will be added by these them it will be possible to choose
safe mode with command support
lines so stop windows xp windows 7
windows 8 is a bit harder to do
right now in this video I
tell you how to find safe mode
windows 8 in general there are articles on the Internet
You can search for a solution for
this so after loading which we
expect to finish the command line
we bring regedit to start the editor
registry and so and registries before
Total
we go you honored windows machines software
microsoft windows nt pencil and wines
wagon here pay attention to
parameter
here I am, the zone looks like this
the first copy the path which leads
because this is the very can
which we copy climbs in
clipboard and enter the correct
value right value here
explorer.
also note the parameter
users do not have it should have this
value as written here with a comma on
the end
if a friend change this after that
we go
glasses and hour and user software microsoft
windows and look still here in this place
same here
this parameter sheva should not be
to be, that is, if something is removed
beyond these places could still be registered
this virus that is the way of those
looking for garden positions look to this
the path was not indicated the score in these places
quran puree software microsoft windows
corinth tops prom here this is not
must be under any name then
there are paths leading the same file one more
a place
similar ones find their revenues or
about microsoft windows machines kondrashin
early
so we are here as you can see there is no after
this close the editor d ister
we enter max pore possible. and where was
enter and dancing starts up in a safe
the mode here is the worker himself so on our
the task is to remove the same style banner
pay attention now then I him
copied the clipboard now
take the last part right away
get into the folder where the ban is stored here
she just removes me completely with
computer and in general everything is ready
We are overloading the computer, most likely everything
will be alright though of some nuances
if they are described on my website
good luck